DOC Improve documentation on loading packages (#3064)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/usage/loading-packages.md

automatically download all packages that the code snippet imports. This is
useful since users might import unexpected packages in REPL. At present,
{any}`loadPackagesFromImports <pyodide.loadPackagesFromImports>` will not
download packages from PyPI, it will only download packages included in the
Pyodide distribution. See {ref}`packages-in-pyodide` to check the full list of
packages included in Pyodide.

## How to chose between `micropip.install` and `pyodide.loadPackage`?

While {any}`micropip.install` is written in Python and
{any}`pyodide.loadPackage` in Javascript this has no incidence on when
to use each of these functions. Indeed, you can easily switch languages using
the {ref}`type-translations` with,

- from Javascript,
  ```javascript
  let micropip = pyodide.pyimport(package_name);
  ```
- from Python,
  ```
  import pyodide_js
  await pyodide_js.loadPackage('package_name')
  ```

Instead, the general advice is to use {any}`micropip.install` for everything
except in the following cases where {any}`pyodide.loadPackage` might be more
appropriate,

- to load micropip itself,
- when you are optimizing for size, do not want to install the `micropip`

>   package, and do not need to install packages from PyPI.

Reviewer: This may not need to be said here, but you can use `loadPackage` to load wheels directly from PyPI as long as you also load their dependencies. Particularly when there are deep dependency trees this can be a lot faster because it requires 2n sequential requests to load a tree of depth n and particularly if early packages are big, downloading all of the wheels sequentially could take a while.

Author: Yes, good point. But similarly, you could pass this list of URLs to micropip with `deps=False` and it would be faster. And it also makes for a simpler overall message. I adjusted this sentence a bit.

Author: I leave this out for now, because this is basically the use case of loading freezed packages, and we need to improve the explanations of how to do that anyway.

## Micropip

### Installing packages

Pyodide supports installing following types of packages with {mod}`micropip`,

- pure Python wheels from PyPI with {mod}`micropip`.
- pure Python and binary wasm32/emscripten wheels (also informally known as
  "Pyodide packages" or "packages built by Pyodide") from the JsDelivr CDN and
  custom URLs.
  {func}`micropip.install` returns a Python
  [Future](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-future.html) so you can
  await the future or otherwise use the Python future API to do work once the

>   packages have finished loading:

Reviewer: This is out of date, currently `micropip.install` is a normal `async` method so it returns a coroutine. So if you **don't** either await it or schedule it with `asyncio.ensure_future` it won't happen and you'll probably get a message like ` RuntimeWarning: coroutine 'f' was never awaited`. This was a breaking change in v0.20.0 but it seems that most people were `await`ing the result so nobody has complained.

Author: OK thanks, I'll just change to say it's a async Python that returns a coroutine. People shouldn't be using ensure_future for this.

</html>
```

## Loading packages with {any}`pyodide.loadPackage`

Packages included in the official Pyodide repository can be loaded using
{any}`pyodide.loadPackage`:

```js
await pyodide.loadPackage("numpy");
```

It is also possible to load packages from custom URLs:

```js
await pyodide.loadPackage(
  "https://foo/bar/numpy-1.22.3-cp310-cp310-emscripten_3_1_13_wasm32.whl"
);
```

The file name must be a valid wheel name.

When you request a package from the official repository, all of the package's

> dependencies are also loaded. Dependency resolution is not yet implemented when
> loading packages from custom URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies are also loaded. There is no dependency resolution when
loading packages from custom URLs. If you want dependency resolution for custom URLs, use `micropip`.
```

Reviewer: Since IMO we are never going to implement this.
